Rating:1;1;1;1;1;0;0 Extras:Rinsing;Food scraps.
Number 1 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-49-11.002239
{
"headline": "Load and Operate the Dishwasher",
"body": "Ensure the dishwasher is properly loaded for efficient cleaning of kitchen dishes. Sub-tasks
 include: sorting dishes, rinsing if necessary, loading the dishwasher correctly, adding detergent, setting
  the washing cycle, and starting the dishwasher. To perform these tasks, begin by scraping off any 
  leftover food bits from the dishes. Rinse dishes that have dried or sticky residue. Place dishes in the
   designated slots with the soiled surfaces facing the spray arms, ensuring proper spacing for water flow.
    Cups, mugs, and glassware go on the top rack. Place cutlery in the utensil basket with handles down for
     better cleaning, except for knives which should be placed handles up for safety. Add the appropriate
      amount of detergent to the dispenser. Choose the correct washing cycle based on the types of dishes
       and their soil level. Once loaded and detergent is added, close the dishwasher door securely and
        start the washing cycle. If the dishwasher contains any clean dishes, remove and store them before
         completing the above tasks."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;1 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 2 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-49-23.763854
{
"headline": "Load and Operate Dishwasher",
"body": "The main task is to ensure the dishwasher is loaded properly with dirty dishes and operated
 correctly for cleaning. Sub-tasks include sorting dishes, adding detergent, and setting up the washing
  cycle.

1. Sorting Dishes: Remove any leftover food from plates, bowls, and utensils, and rinse if necessary to
 prevent food from clogging the dishwasher's filter. Place dishes and glasses in the dishwasher racks with 
 space in-between, ensuring that the water jets can reach all the surfaces. Make sure that utensils are
  placed handle-down in the utensil basket.

2. Checking and Adding Detergent: Ensure there is enough dishwasher detergent in the dispenser. If it is 
empty or low, fill the dispenser with a suitable dishwasher detergent up to the marked line.

3. Setting Up the Washing Cycle: Choose the appropriate cycle for the load. For normally soiled dishes, a
 standard cycle will suffice. For heavily soiled pots and pans, a heavier cycle should be used. Close the
  dishwasher door securely and select the desired cycle.

4. Starting the Dishwasher: After setting up the cycle, press the start button to begin the cleaning
 process. Ensure you do not interrupt the cycle once it has started unless it's an emergency.

Upon completion of the cycle, unload the dishwasher, starting with the bottom rack to avoid dripping water
 from the top rack onto clean dishes below. Inspect the dishes for any remaining residue and either set
  them aside for another cycle or hand-wash them if necessary. Return all clean dishes to their designated
   storage areas."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Food scraps.
Number 3 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-49-31.341830
{
"headline": "Load and Run the Dishwasher",
"body": "To ensure clean dishes and an orderly kitchen, start by gathering all dirty dishes from around the
 kitchen. Next, scrape off any leftover food into the trash to prevent clogging the dishwasher's filter.
  Arrange the dishes in the dishwasher by placing plates, bowls, and larger items on the bottom rack, 
  ensuring they are spaced apart enough to allow water to reach all surfaces. Glasses, mugs, and less 
  dirty items should go on the top rack. Utensils should be placed in the cutlery basket, with sharp
   knives pointing downwards for safety. Check that spinning arms are not obstructed by tall items. Add
    dishwasher detergent to the dispenser and select the appropriate wash cycle based on the soil level
     of the dishes. Close the door securely and start the dishwasher. Once the cycle is complete, unload 
     the dishes, starting with the bottom rack to prevent water from the top dishes dripping onto the
      bottom ones."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Rinsing;Safety measures;Maintaining dishwasher.
Number 4 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-49-44.317811
{
"headline": "Load and Operate Dishwasher",
"body": "The primary goal is to ensure that the dishwasher is properly loaded and operated to clean the
 dishes. Begin by rinsing any dishes with heavy residue under warm water before placing them in the
  dishwasher. Ensure that all items are dishwasher safe. 

Sub-tasks include:

1. Sorting Items: Separate cutlery, plates, cups, and larger items. Place forks, knives, and spoons in the
 cutlery basket with handles facing down for safety. Arrange plates in slots on the bottom rack, facing
  towards the center to maximize water spray coverage. Position cups, bowls, and more delicate items on
   the top rack.

2. Adding Detergent: Fill the dispenser with dishwasher detergent, ensuring you use the correct type and
 amount as recommended by the appliance manufacturer.

3. Setting the Wash Cycle: Choose an appropriate washing cycle based on the soil level of the dishes
 (e.g., normal, heavy, or eco). Consider using a higher temperature setting for heavily soiled items.

4. Starting the Dishwasher: Close the door securely and select the start button. Check that the spray arms
 can rotate freely without being obstructed.

5. Unloading: After the cycle is complete and the dishes are dry, carefully unload the dishwasher, starting
 with the bottom rack to prevent water from dripping onto dry items below.

Remember to practice safety measures when handling sharp objects and to check for any stray items that 
might have fallen through the rack. Maintain the cleanliness of the dishwasher by periodically checking the
 filter and removing any food particles."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Food scraps.
Number 5 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-49-54.178182
{ "headline": "Load and Operate Dishwasher", "body": "The primary task is to ensure that the dishwasher is
 properly loaded and operated to clean the dishes. Sub-tasks include: 1. Sorting the dishes: Before loading
  the dishwasher, categorize the dishes by type (plates, glasses, utensils, etc.) and size. Check for any
   leftover food and remove it from the dishes. 2. Proper loading: Place the dishes into the dishwasher
    racks. Plates usually go on the bottom rack, facing the center. Glasses, mugs, and bowls are placed 
    on the top rack. Ensure that they are spaced out to allow water to circulate. Utensils should be put
     in the silverware basket with handles facing down, but make sure knives are placed with handles up 
     for safety. 3. Adding detergent: Fill the dishwasher's detergent dispenser with the appropriate 
     amount of dishwasher detergent. 4. Setting the cycle: Select the appropriate washing cycle according
      to the type of dishes and how soiled they are. For a full load that includes a variety of dish types 
      as shown in the image, a normal or auto cycle would generally suffice. 5. Start the dishwasher: Close
       the dishwasher door securely and start the machine. Wait for the cycle to complete before unloading." }
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;0;0 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 6 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-50-03.378147
{
"headline": "Dishwasher Loading and Operation",
"body": "The main task is to efficiently load the dishwasher to ensure all items are properly cleaned. 
Start by rinsing any heavily soiled dishes under running water to remove large food particles. Sub-tasks
 include sorting the dishes by type: place plates, bowls, and saucers on the bottom rack, ensuring they are
  spaced apart for water circulation. Position glasses, mugs, and cups on the top rack, and angle them to 
  prevent water from pooling. Silverware should be placed in the cutlery basket with handles down, but
   ensure that spoons and forks don't nest together. Load pots and pans on the sides or back of the bottom
    rack if there's space, or wash them by hand if they are oversized or have non-dishwasher safe materials.
     Once all items are loaded, add dishwasher detergent to the dispenser following the manufacturer's 
     instructions, select the appropriate wash cycle based on the soil level of the dishes, and start the
      dishwasher. Ensure that the spray arms can rotate freely without being obstructed by any dishes
       before you begin the cycle."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;1 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 7 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-50-12.957296
{
"headline": "Load and Operate the Dishwasher",
"body": "The main task is to ensure all dishes are cleaned using the dishwasher. Begin by rinsing off any
 food remnants from the dishes under running water to prevent clogging the dishwasher's filter. Next, sort
  the dishes by size and type - place plates, bowls, and serving dishes on the bottom rack, ensuring that 
  they are spaced out enough for water to circulate. Utensils should be placed in the cutlery basket, handle
   down for safety, and cups, glasses, and more fragile items should go on the top rack. Make sure that
    nothing obstructs the spinning arms. Once sorted, add dishwasher detergent to the dispenser according 
    to the manufacturer's instructions, choose the appropriate washing cycle, and start the machine. After
     the cycle is finished, unload the dishwasher, beginning with the bottom rack to prevent water from the
      top items dripping onto those below. Inspect each item to make sure they are clean, and store them 
      away in their respective places."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 8 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-50-34.749675
{
"headline": "Load and Start the Dishwasher",
"body": "The main task is to properly load the dishwasher for efficient cleaning of the dishes. Begin with
 emptying the sink and any countertops of dirty dishes. Rinse off any excess food particles from the dishes
  under running water to prevent clogging the dishwasher's drain. Make sure to organize the dishes into the
   appropriate sections: plates on the bottom rack, facing the center; cups, glasses, and bowls on the top
    rack at an angle to allow water to run off; and utensils in the cutlery basket with handles facing down
     for safety and cleanliness. Place pots and pans strategically on the bottom rack, ensuring they do not
      block water jets from reaching other dishes. Check that spinning arms can move freely without being
       obstructed. Once all dishes are loaded, add dishwasher detergent into the dispenser, close the door
        firmly, and select the appropriate washing cycle based on the level of soiling. Start the dishwasher
         and wait for the cycle to complete before unloading."
}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 9 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-50-41.724824
{ "headline": "Load and Run the Dishwasher", "body": "The main task is to ensure that the dishwasher is 
properly loaded for efficient cleaning of the dishes. Sub-tasks involve sorting and arranging dishes, adding
 detergent, and setting the washing cycle. 1. Begin by rinsing off any large food particles from the dishes.
  2. Load the dishes strategically into the dishwasher; place plates on the bottom rack facing the center, 
  put cups and bowls on the top rack at an angle to allow water to run off, and utensils should go in the 
  cutlery basket with the handles facing down. Avoid overloading to ensure water and detergent reach all
   items. 3. Check that spinning arms can move freely without being blocked by any dishes. 4. Add the 
   appropriate amount of dishwasher detergent to the dispenser. 5. Close the dishwasher door securely and 
   select the appropriate washing cycle depending on how soiled the dishes are. 6. Start the dishwasher and
    allow it to run the full cycle. Once done, unload the clean dishes." }
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0,5 Extras:Rinsing.
Number 10 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot with annotation dishes/2024-07-01T00-50-46.377122
{"headline":"Load and Run Dishwasher","body":"Primary Task: Ensure all the dirty dishes in the kitchen are 
properly placed inside the dishwasher for cleaning. Start by clearing the sink and countertop of any dishes
 or utensils. Ensure that the dishwasher is emptied of any clean items from previous cycles.\n\nSub-task 1:
  Sorting and Rinsing - Sort the dishes by type. Pre-rinse any dishes with heavy soiling under running water
   to remove food particles and prevent clogging the dishwasher's filter.\n\nSub-task 2: Loading the 
   Dishwasher - Arrange plates, bowls, and other items on the bottom rack with space in between to ensure
    water flow. Place cups, glasses, and lighter items on the top rack. Utensils should be placed in the 
    cutlery basket handles down, except for knives which should be handles up for safety.\n\nSub-task
     3: Adding Detergent and Setting the Cycle - Fill the detergent dispenser with dishwasher detergent.
      Choose an appropriate washing cycle based on the type of dishes and the degree of soiling. For a 
      regular load, a normal cycle is usually sufficient.\n\nSub-task 4: Start the Dishwasher - Close the 
      dishwasher door securely and start the chosen cycle. Wait until the cycle is complete before 
      unloading, and ensure dishes are dry before putting them away."}
----------------------------------------
