
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Pre-treating stains;Tidying up.
Number 1 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-02-05.007000
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"Begin by separating laundry into whites and 
colors to prevent dye transfer. Pre-treat any stains using a suitable stain remover before loading the
 clothes into the washing machine. Distribute the laundry evenly in the washer to maintain balance during 
 the cycle.\n\nChoose an appropriate detergent for the load and follow the manufacturer's recommended 
 amount. Select the correct wash cycle based on the fabric types and care instructions found on the
  clothing labels. Start the washing machine and make sure to check back once the cycle is complete to
   transfer clean clothes into the dryer or hang them up to air dry.\n\nWhile the washing machine is 
   running, tidy up the area around the laundry machines, organize the detergents and cleaning supplies
    on the shelves, and dispose of any trash. Lastly, ensure that the lid of the septic tank is securely
     placed to prevent accidents."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Pre-treating stains;Tidying up;Cleaning lint trap;Floor cleaning.
Number 2 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-02-17.067649
{"headline":"Operating Washing Machine and Organizing Laundry Area",
"body":"1. Begin by sorting the laundry in the basket according to color and fabric type. Separate whites,
 colors, and delicates.
2. Check the labels on clothing for any specific washing instructions. Pre-treat any stains if necessary.

3. Load the sorted laundry into the washing machine without overloading it, to ensure a thorough clean.

4. Add the appropriate amount of laundry detergent, considering the size of the load and the detergent’s
 concentration.
5. Choose the correct wash cycle and temperature settings for the load you are washing based on the
 garment care labels.
6. Start the washing machine and wait for the cycle to complete before proceeding to drying.
7. While the washing is in progress, organize the laundry area. Return any detergents, fabric softeners,
 and stain removers to their designated storage areas.
8. Ensure that the floor is clear of any spilled detergents or water to prevent slipping hazards.
9. When the wash cycle ends, transfer the clean laundry to the dryer or hang them up to dry, according to
 the fabric care instructions.
10. Clean the lint trap in the dryer before and after use if you're using the dryer for the next batch of
 laundry."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Cleaning lint filter;Wiping washing machine.
Number 3 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-02-24.893384
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"Ensure the laundry in the basket is sorted
 by color and fabric type to prevent damage or dye transfer. Inspect each clothing item for stains or 
 areas needing pretreatment. Add an appropriate amount of detergent in the washing machine’s dispenser.
  Load the clothes evenly to maintain the washer’s balance during operation. Select the correct wash cycle
   based on the fabric types within your sorted laundry. When the cycle is complete, transfer the clothes
    to the dryer or hang them to dry, depending on the care instructions for each garment. If using a
     dryer, ensure to clean the lint filter for safety and efficiency. Meanwhile, use a damp cloth to
      wipe down the washing machine's exterior and any spills of detergent or fabric softener to keep
       the area tidy."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Wiping washing machine;Storing hazardous materials out of childrens reach;Floor sweeping.
Number 4 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-02-38.628449
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine and Organize Laundry Area",
"body":"1. Sort the laundry in the basket by color and fabric type to ensure appropriate wash settings and prevent damage or color bleeding. 
2. Check the care labels on clothing for specific washing instructions. 
3. Load the sorted laundry into the washing machine without overstuffing to allow for effective cleaning. 
4. Add suitable detergent, considering manufacturer's guidelines and fabric type. 
5. Select the appropriate wash cycle based on the sorted laundry's requirements. 
6. Start the washing machine and set a timer to return when the cycle is complete. 
7. While the laundry is washing, organize and wipe down the laundry detergent bottles and the surface area to maintain cleanliness and prevent spills. 
8. Safely store any hazardous materials out of the reach of children.
9. After the wash cycle is complete, unload the laundry into the basket for drying, ensuring that items are not left behind in the drum. 
10. Hang, lay flat, or machine dry the laundry as per the care instructions. 
11. Clean the washing machine's lint trap, door, and rubber gaskets to keep the machine running efficiently and prevent odors. 
12. Sweep or mop the floor area if necessary to maintain a clean and safe working environment."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Preventing mildrew.
Number 5 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-02-46.712926
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"1. Sort the laundry in the basket by color
 and fabric type to prevent colors from bleeding onto lighter clothes and to ensure that all items are
  washed under suitable settings. \n2. Check the pockets of all garments for any items that may have been
   left inside. \n3. Place the sorted laundry into the washing machine without overloading it to allow for
    effective cleaning. \n4. According to the care labels on your clothing and the manufacturer’s
     recommendations for the machine, select the appropriate laundry detergent and washing cycle.
      \n5. Start the washing machine and set a timer to remind you to return once the cycle is complete.
       \n6. Once the washing is done, promptly remove it to prevent any mildew or odors from developing,
        and consider whether items should be air-dried or can be transferred to a dryer."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Tidying up;Floor sweeping;Wiping washing machine.
Number 6 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-03-00.054798
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine and Organize Laundry Area", "body":"Step 1: Sort the Laundry - 
Begin by sorting the laundry in the basket by color and fabric type to ensure proper washing. Separate
 lights from darks, delicates from regular items, and heavily soiled garments from lightly soiled ones.
  \nStep 2: Load the Washing Machine - Open the washing machine door, and place a sorted pile of laundry
   inside. Do not overload the machine; ensure there's enough space for clothes to move freely. 
   \nStep 3: Select Detergent and Additives - Choose an appropriate detergent and other laundry 
   additives such as fabric softener or bleach if required. Follow the instructions on the product labels
    for the correct amounts. \nStep 4: Set the Washing Cycle - Based on the type of laundry loaded, set 
    the machine to the correct washing cycle. Use gentle cycles for delicates and stronger cycles for 
    regular or heavily soiled garments. \nStep 5: Start the Washing Cycle - Close the door, select the
     temperature setting, and press start. \nStep 6: Organize Laundry Supplies - While the washing machine
      operates, organize the laundry supplies on the shelves. Ensure that lids on all products are 
      tightly closed to prevent spills. \nStep 7: Clean the Area - Sweep the floor around the washing
       machine and remove any lint or debris. Wipe down the exterior of the washing machine and the 
       dryer, if present, to keep the area tidy. \nStep 8: Prepare for Next Load - Once the cycle is
        complete, remove the clothes promptly to prevent wrinkling. Fold or hang dry as necessary.
         Prepare the next batch of laundry or ensure the laundry basket is empty and stored in its
          designated spot."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0
Number 7 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-03-08.097571
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"Begin by separating the laundry in the basket 
based on color and fabric type to ensure proper washing care. Whites, colors, and delicate fabrics should
 be washed separately. Check the care labels on each garment for specific washing instructions.\n\nOnce
  sorted, load the first batch into the washing machine without overfilling it, to allow clothes to move
   freely and get cleaned effectively. Measure and add an appropriate amount of detergent according to
    the load size and the manufacturer's recommendations found on the detergent packaging.\n\nSelect the
     appropriate wash cycle and temperature settings based on the types of fabrics and the level of
      soiling. For the visible machine, it would also be important to check the pockets of garments for
       any items that could be damaged or cause damage during the wash cycle.\n\nClose the washer door
        securely, and start the machine. While the machine is running, organize the remaining laundry to
         prepare for the next wash cycle or for drying. After the wash cycle is complete, promptly remove
          the clothes to prevent wrinkles and odors, and either transfer them to the dryer or hang them
           up to air dry, depending on the fabric care instructions."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 
Number 8 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-03-17.655231
{"headline":"Operate Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"1. Sort the laundry in the basket by color and
 fabric type to prevent colors from bleeding and to ensure that all items are washed under appropriate
  settings. 2. Check the pockets of garments for any items that could be damaged or cause damage during
   the wash cycle. 3. Open the washing machine door and load the sorted laundry into the machine, taking
    care not to overload it. 4. Select an appropriate detergent and measure it following the
     manufacturer's recommendations. 5. Choose the correct wash cycle settings based on the type of
      laundry being washed. For general guidance, use a regular or normal cycle for cottons and mixed
       fibers, a delicate cycle for sensitive fabrics, and a heavy-duty cycle for sturdy items like
        towels or bedding. 6. Close the washing machine door securely and initiate the wash cycle. After
         the cycle is complete, promptly remove the laundry to prevent wrinkles and transfer it to the 
         dryer or hang it up to dry, depending on the fabric care instructions."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Cleaning lint trap;Tidying up.
Number 9 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-03-28.322149
{"headline": "Operate Washing Machine for Laundry",
 "body": "Begin by separating the laundry in the basket by color and fabric type to ensure the correct 
 washing process for each item. Whites, colors, and delicate fabrics should be washed separately. Check
  the care labels on each garment to determine the appropriate wash cycle. Once sorted, load the whites
   or whichever group you are starting with into the washing machine without overfilling it. Add an 
   appropriate amount of laundry detergent according to the package instructions, considering the load
    size and soil level. Close the washing machine door securely. Select the correct wash cycle based on
     the garments' care labels. If there are heavily soiled items, you may want to choose a prewash or
      heavy-duty cycle. Start the machine and allow it to run through its cycle. Once the washing is
       complete, promptly remove the items to reduce wrinkling and either transfer them to the dryer or
        hang them out to dry, depending on the fabric care instructions. Clean the lint trap if you're
         using a dryer. Ensure the laundry area is tidy by placing detergent bottles back in their storage
          area and folding the empty laundry basket."}
----------------------------------------
Rating:1;1;1;1;1;1;0 Extras:Cleaning lint trap;Ventilation.
Number 10 C:/Users/HermannF/AppData/LocalLow/DefaultCompany/POC/export/Zero-shot role assignment laundry/2024-07-01T01-03-39.536491
{"headline":"Operate the Washing Machine for Laundry", "body":"To start with the laundry task, first sort
 the clothes by color and material to ensure proper cleaning and to prevent any color bleeding or damage
  to delicate fabrics. Separate whites, darks, and colors, and also consider separating heavy items from 
  lighter ones. Check the care labels on each garment for specific washing instructions.\n\n1. Ensure the
   washing machine is empty and clean before use.\n2. Load the sorted clothes into the washing machine
    without overfilling it to allow sufficient movement for effective cleaning.\n3. Add an appropriate
     amount of detergent, following the guidelines on the detergent's packaging for load size and soil
      level.\n4. Select the correct wash cycle based on the type of clothes being washed; use gentler 
      cycles for delicate items and stronger cycles for heavily soiled garments.\n5. Close the washing
       machine door securely and start the selected cycle.\n6. Once the cycle is complete, remove the 
       washed clothes promptly to prevent wrinkles and odor, and proceed to drying according to the 
       fabric care instructions – either using a dryer or air-drying.\n7. After transferring the clothes
        to the dryer or a drying area, clean the lint trap if using a dryer or ensure proper spacing and
         ventilation for air-drying."}
----------------------------------------
